----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Referee -- DT18235/Mitman
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Mitman, Isi and Farr analyse the LIGO-Virgo-KAGRA fifth catalog of
gravitational-wave events using a hierarchical model that includes
gravitational-wave memory in an attempt to measure the so-called “memory
enhancement factor”. Unsurprisingly, and consistent with previous works, they
measure something consistent with general relativity, but also consistent with
zero memory. Consistent with many other works, they also find around 2,000
events will need to be measured to positively detect memory.

The paper is well-enough written, although I encourage the authors to think
deeply about their writing style as the manuscript often obfuscates relatively
standard mathematics with unnecessarily complex language. The result is
important as it provides the next round of updates on the ongoing effort to
detect gravitational-wave memory updated to the latest catalog of events. In
addition, the work is the first to perform full hierarchical inference of the
population and memory, and does so by introducing a neat formalism that allows
for these things to be calculated easily (albeit in the case when simple
event-level and population priors are used).

I do have a number of concerns about the presentation of the paper detailed
below. Upon satisfactory responses to these I will be happy to recommend this
work for publication.

Toward the end of the introduction, the authors write: “All of these analyses,
however, relied on Bayes factors for this projection—an approach that can yield
incorrect results when combining many events [49–51]…”. References 49-51 operate
in a completely different analysis and physics regime to work being done in
gravitational-wave memory. As it stands, this manuscript presents most previous
work (other than Ref. 47, which is being dismissed for other reasons — see
comment below) as being wrong or misleading, but without any concrete evidence
backing this up. If the authors are to make statements like this, then they need
to be backed up with concrete calculations showing evidence those papers have
drawn incorrect conclusions.

Note this is not the only place in the paper with claims like this. Foe example,
the abstract reads “These works, however, largely relied on Bayes factors to
perform their memory analysis: an approach that … can even favor incorrect
conclusions.”

A key assumption in the work is the parameterised population model that is used
for the usual binary black hole parameters. However there are many different
ways of doing this parameterisation, or in fact using much more data-driven
methods. Regardless, given the simplicity, the model used is almost certainly
misspecified to some degree, which will have flow-on effects for inference of
the hierarchical A parameter. How large are these effects for “reasonable”
choices of population inference? What potential biases in the memory enhancement
factor can/have been introduced because of model misspecification? How much of
an effect is there on population prior choices?

Minor comments:

Refs. [43-47] conducted various studies on memory using LVK catalogs…”: this is
incorrect—Refs. 44 and 46 only analysed simulated events.

“All of these analyses, however, relied on Bayes factors for this projection…”,
which refers to references 43-47, although as noted above it is an incorrect
statement about two of the reference. There is a footnote that notes the
statement “All of these analyses…” is not true for Ref. 47, implying that
statement is applicable for two out of three of the references. This footnote
and whole discussion are misleading and dishonest toward Ref. 47, which in fact
did do an analysis deriving a population-level constraint on the memory
enhancement factor.

Equation 2.7 and surrounding text needs to be appropriately referenced as this
work is not the first to use this memory amplitude term. It was first introduced
in Scargle et al (which, as the authors point out, is now withdrawn, but should
still be acknowledged here), and then used for inference in Cheung et al. This
should be appropriately acknowledged.
