We thank the referee for their careful reading of our manuscript and their
thorough review. Below we address their comments directly and detail the
corresponding edits that we have made to the manuscript. Furthermore, to make
our edits more apparent, we have included a PDF of the differences between the
revised manuscript and the submitted version.

Major comments:

First, we would like to notify the referee that we have significantly modified
the portions of the text that grouped Ref. 47 in with the other works that
relied on Bayes factors. Also, we have clarified that part of why our work is
significant in relation to Ref. 47 is that by inferring both the mean and the
variance of the memory enhancement factor through hierarchical inference we are
able to perform a more meaningful null test of GR. We stress that measuring the
mean alone is a weaker test, as one must also demonstrate that the variance of
the underlying distribution is zero to verify that A = 1.

Nonetheless, the referee is completely correct that assuming the population
model is described by a Gaussian is an assumption that could induce a bias on
the analysis. However, in the limit of infinite observations (and no data /
waveform systematics), using a Gaussian as the population model will indeed
measure whether or not the true population is consistent with a delta function
at A = 1. This is because the Gaussian log-likelihood is minimized exactly at
the point where the Gaussian's mean and variance are equal to the underlying
distribution's mean and variance. Consequently, this population model is
perfectly sufficient for performing a null test of GR, which is the aim of this
work.

If one instead wanted to measure the population assuming that the underlying was
not A = 1, then although the Gaussian population model would still measure the
exact mean and variance of the underlying distribution, it would clearly be an
insufficient model (as it would be unable to measure the higher moments of the
distribution). But, since this is not the aim of this work, we do not believe
it is relevant to the analysis or results that we present to conduct an
investigation of how Gaussian population models are biased when fit to a wide
range of population models with a finite number of observations.

We have clarified this important point in the text below Eq. 3.10.

Minor comments:

>>> "Refs. [43-47] conducted various studies on memory using LVK catalogs…”:
this is incorrect—Refs. 44 and 46 only analysed simulated events."

We have changed this paragraph to highlight these differences.

>>> "“All of these analyses, however, relied on Bayes factors for this
projection…”, which refers to references 43-47, although as noted above it is
an incorrect statement about two of the reference. There is a footnote that
notes the statement “All of these analyses…” is not true for Ref. 47, implying
that statement is applicable for two out of three of the references. This
footnote and whole discussion are misleading and dishonest toward Ref. 47, which
in fact did do an analysis deriving a population-level constraint on the memory
enhancement factor."

In addition to the changes made to address the previous point, in our rewrite of
this paragraph we have separated Ref. 47 from those which only worked with Bayes
factors. We have also clarified that Ref. 47 performed hierarchical inference
and used a delta-function as their population model, which is corresponds to a
weaker null test of GR and motivates our work, which uniquely measures
the variance of the memory parameter across the population of GW observations.

>>> "Equation 2.7 and surrounding text needs to be appropriately referenced as
this work is not the first to use this memory amplitude term. It was first
introduced in Scargle et al (which, as the authors point out, is now withdrawn,
but should still be acknowledged here), and then used for inference in Cheung et
al. This should be appropriately acknowledged."

Below Eq. (2.7), we have added the sentence "This formulation has been used
previously in Refs.~\cite{Scargle:2021lqz,Cheung:2024zow}".
